chore(*): add more explanation when using EKS IRSA to access RDS database (#5831)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/gateway/kong-enterprise/aws-iam-auth-to-rds-database.md

- **Assign an IAM role to your Kong Gateway instance.** {{site.base_gateway}} can automatically discover and fetch the AWS credentials to use for the IAM role.
   - If you use an EC2 environment, use the [EC2 IAM role](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/iam-roles-for-amazon-ec2.html).
   - If you use an ECS cluster, use a [ECS task IAM role](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/userguide/task-iam-roles.html).

>    - If you use an EKS cluster, configure a Kubernetes service account that can annotate your assigned role and configure the pods to use an [IAM role defined by serviceaccount](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/associate-service-account-role.html). Using an IAM role defined by serviceaccount requires a request to the AWS STS service, so you also need to make sure that your Kong inside the Pod can access AWS STS service endpoint without problem. (If you're using STS regional endpoints, please make sure you have `AWS_STS_REGIONAL_ENDPOINTS` defined in your environment variables.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - If you use an EKS cluster, configure a Kubernetes service account that can annotate your assigned role and configure the pods to use an [IAM role defined by serviceaccount](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/associate-service-account-role.html). 
   
      Using an IAM role defined by serviceaccount requires a request to the AWS STS service, so you also need to make sure that your Kong instance inside the Pod can access the AWS STS service endpoint. 
   
      If you're using STS regional endpoints, make sure you have `AWS_STS_REGIONAL_ENDPOINTS` defined in your environment variables.
```
